hey how's it going guys this is Dave - D
and this is my review of the oneplus 2
so when the first one plus phone came
out the oneplus one
I remember reading or seeing something
on the internet about how they were
losing money on each phone that they
were selling or at the very best for
like breaking even and they didn't care
they didn't care about the profits they
just wanted to be seen they wanted to be
heard and they basically wanted to
disrupt the market and they did so a
year and a half later they launched the
oneplus 2 now this is a very important
for them it's like their sophomore phone
it's actually my most anticipated phone
for 2015 so I've used it everyday for
about a week and a half here are my
thoughts the box is a soft touch finish
and noticeably smaller than the first
generation you shake it open and inside
you see a wrapped phone some pamphlets a
wall plug and a USBC cable this is an
upgraded model that comes in at 380
dollars and the base model comes in at
330 dollars the presentation of the
phone is great I think a lot of
inexpensive phones just kind of skimp
out on the whole presentation thing and
truthfully it's not that important but
oneplus always does a good job with it
the phone feels very functional and
industrial to me it doesn't really
follow the whole trend for beauty and
elegance I mean I love those phones they
have their place but the oneplus 2 is
kind of boxy and practical but it works
the front of the device is covered in
Gorilla Glass 4 as well as a factory
installed screen protector there's a
fingerprint sensor that also serves as a
capacitive button right in the middle
here as well as two capacitive buttons
on the left and right there's also a
five megapixel front facing camera up
top here the fingerprint sensor works
and looks just like the one on the
Samsung s6 so it's more of a sensor that
acts as a button instead of a
traditional button that you can click on
the back we have that iconic sandstone
back cover and a 13 megapixel camera
with laser focus the sandstone finish is
rougher this year and sometimes it feels
less premium like I'm not sure if it's
the finish itself or it's because of how
thin the plastic cover is but I
definitely prefer the sandstone finish
from last year let's take a look around
the device so on the bottom we have the
speaker USB C port and a mic on the
right side we have a power button and a
volume rocker
and on the top we have a mic and a
headphone jack and on the left side we
have the alert slider so this is a
three-position slider to physically
control whether or not you'll be
notified with sounds it's not super
amazing or anything but it is useful the
location of the power button is a little
off to me so I've been using Motorola
phones a lot and those phones have the
position of the volume and the power
switch flipped with the power button
above the volume rocker I've been using
it for a week and a half and I'm still
not used to it I'm accidentally turning
off the phone when I'm just trying to
lower the volume so if you're a Motorola
user you might have this issue as well
the single speaker doesn't sound great
but it gets reasonably loud and it's
pointed downwards like iPhone so you
have to do that cup thing to hear better
the USBC port is a I mean there's a lot
I don't like about it but I still think
it was a right choice to put it in it
probably increased their cost price to
put it in and it's even bigger than a
microUSB but the reversible thing is
nice and really it is the future we're
eventually gonna have to switch so we
might as well start now the cable itself
looks really cool when it's coiled on
the box but I actually broke mine on the
third day it just stopped charging I
think it might have been bent in the box
for too long or something I'm sure just
got unlucky but since it's not microUSB
I actually to go out and buy a couple of
USB C cables that sucked the back cover
comes off pretty easily and it's
surprisingly thin and really flexible
underneath you have access to the double
SIM card slot I really like that you
don't need any sim tools to switch Sims
and because I like to break I open
this up further on the inside the first
thing I notice is that you can totally
remove and replace that battery and it's
cool to even put the effort in to cover
it up in like a red one plus wrapping
that's kind of neat another thing you
see these two contacts here so even when
you have that middle plate and you can
still see them on the outside so maybe
you can click connect these two like one
of those sticker things for wireless
charging to stick on the back modern on
the oneplus 2 has the same screen size
of five and a half inches to the LG g4
and a zenfone 2 it's a little bit taller
and heavier than the g4 but it's still
comfortable to hold now in terms of its
width it's slightly narrower than the g4
so it makes one-handed use just a little
bit easier but it's still not one hand
usable for a lot of people
the screen is an IPS display of 1920 by
1080 it's not as good as the quad HD
display of the way more expensive LG g4
like the colors aren't as vibrant and
it's not as bright and crispy but it's
still good but with nice screens from
other budget phones like the Alcatel
idol 3 or the Asus zenfone 2 it doesn't
really stick out from the bunch like I
would say it's in the middle of the pack
but at the very least it's on par with
other mid tier 5 and a half inch screens
I'm kind of disappointed by the camera
on the phone it's not a bad camera far
from it but the amount of hype that
oneplus was generating for this thing
was really overwhelming and I feel like
the camera really under-delivered given
the hype there's supposed to be a
software update to improve things but as
of right now here's where we stand
daylight photography is good but
low-light photos are kind of weak and
they're very slow to take and this is
the story we've heard for so many
mid-tier cameras so I'm just going to
leave it at that I'm not going to
totally grill this thing because I know
oneplus is working on it but I'll
probably be back with a more thorough
camera review in the future there's no
quick charge or wireless charging at
least not officially but I am pleased
with the battery life
it's a 3300 milliamp battery and I've
run it down several times and I was able
to hit four to four and a half hours of
screen time basically every attempt it
comfortably lasts a full day of normal
use and it takes about three hours for a
full charge performance is excellent I'm
not going to waste your time showing
benchmarks but just know that the
Snapdragon 810 is very fast and it's on
par with any of the fastest mobile
phones on the market games run really
smooth the UI is snappy and I could also
never get it to overheat it gets warm
and it throttles down but there's no
overheat messages or any noticeable
issues from heat so that's good lastly
is the OS it's running android 5.1.1
with the oxygen 2.0 skin it's a very
light skinned overstock Android and I
really like it
basically everything that's in oxygen OS
feels like a natural extension of stock
Android things like the customizable
pull down Android toggles the
customizable shelf like all the icons
and menus just look stock and that's a
wonderful thing it also has like the
double tap to wake finger gestures for
flashlights and cameras so tons of
little features and there's nothing that
I really dislike about it
okay so the recap for the oneplus two
5.5 inch IPS display Full HD it's a good
screen but it's not super special five
megapixel front facing camera that looks
the same as every other five megapixel
front facing camera a fingerprint sensor
that works most the time I mean it's not
perfect but it's as reliable as they're
going to get right now and two
capacitive buttons that light up in the
back we have that signature sandstone
cover a 13 megapixel camera that's
pretty mediocre right now but they're
working on it so it'll likely get better
a physical notification switch on the
side which works well and a single
speaker that doesn't sound amazing but
it gets pretty loud on the inside we
have a 3300 milliamp battery that will
get you through a day a super fast 2nd
gen Snapdragon 810 with 4 or 2 gigs of
RAM and we have either 64 or 16 gigs of
ram depending on your model there's no
SD expansion there's no wireless
charging no quick charging and no NFC ok
closing thoughts the technical
components on the phone are good the
processor is a beast it's priced well
and oxygen OS is actually really nice to
use but here's the thing in 2015 there's
a lot of really good options for
inexpensive smartphones and the oneplus
2 doesn't really stick out from the
crowd the camera is mediocre right now I
know they're working on a patch but this
is something that they should have fixed
prior to launch and it's missing things
like NFC wireless charging fast charging
and expandable storage these are things
that are really important to a lot of
people and instead we got stuff like USB
C and a fingerprint sensor so things
that are really cool but there's less
popular now here's the thing the phone
is good it's a good phone but don't
believe the hype it's not a flagship
killer
which brings me to a couple thoughts I
have about one plus as a company first
is their marketing I don't like how they
have that invite system still I
understand why they had it in the
beginning it's like a safe way for them
to sell these phones without
overproducing when you're first starting
out at this point it's just generating
artificial interest for the phone when
you don't even need it their second
thing is there 2016 flagship killer
motto I mean it's not a flagship killer
I'm pretty sure we know it oneplus
probably knows it I don't understand why
they have to do it you're creating a
misleading motto for your great phone
don't do that the last thing is customer
service now I'm a big believer in
customer service I think that one plus
has poor customer service to say the
least now it's kind of expected they
don't have the resources like Apple and
Samsung it's just kind of repair and
replace phones as quickly as big
companies do but I mean ok when my USBC
cable broke I don't even think for half
a second to contact them for a
replacement I just went out and bought a
new one that's not cool I don't think
that that's good for a company to kind
of build up on bad customer service I
was like a standard in your company
that's the end of this review I hope you
guys liked it you guys did give me some
thumbs if you loved it give me some subs
it's been nice I'll see you guys next
time